Installed Packages
NetworkManager.x86_64                         1:1.22.8-5.el8_2                               @BaseOS   
NetworkManager-config-server.noarch           1:1.22.8-5.el8_2                               @BaseOS   
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                   1:1.22.8-5.el8_2                               @BaseOS   
NetworkManager-libreswan.x86_64               1.2.10-4.el8                                   @AppStream
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                    1:1.22.8-5.el8_2                               @BaseOS   
NetworkManager-tui.x86_64                     1:1.22.8-5.el8_2                               @BaseOS   
PackageKit.x86_64                             1.1.12-4.el8                                   @AppStream
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                        1.1.12-4.el8                                   @AppStream
SDL.x86_64                                    1.2.15-37.el8                                  @AppStream
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                0.0.25-4.el8                                   @AppStream
abrt.x86_64                                   2.10.9-11.el8                                  @AppStream
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                        2.10.9-11.el8                                  @AppStream
abrt-addon-coredump-helper.x86_64             2.10.9-11.el8                                  @AppStream
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                  2.10.9-11.el8                                  @AppStream
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                  2.10.9-11.el8                                  @AppStream
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                      2.10.9-11.el8                                  @AppStream
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                        2.10.9-11.el8                                  @AppStream
abrt-cli.x86_64                               2.10.9-11.el8                                  @AppStream
abrt-dbus.x86_64                              2.10.9-11.el8                                  @AppStream
abrt-libs.x86_64                              2.10.9-11.el8                                  @AppStream
abrt-tui.x86_64                               2.10.9-11.el8                                  @AppStream
acl.x86_64                                    2.2.53-1.el8                                   @anaconda 
adcli.x86_64                                  0.8.2-5.el8                                    @anaconda 
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                    20171205-3.el8                                 @AppStream
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch         20171205-3.el8                                 @AppStream
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                     20180407-1.el8                                 @AppStream
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                   3.28.0-2.el8                                   @AppStream
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                     3.28.0-2.el8                                   @AppStream
annobin.x86_64                                8.90-1.el8.0.1                                 @AppStream
asciidoc.noarch                               8.6.10-0.5.20180627gitf7c2274.el8              @AppStream
at.x86_64                                     3.1.20-11.el8                                  @anaconda 
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                            2.26.2-1.el8                                   @AppStream
at-spi2-core.x86_64                           2.28.0-1.el8                                   @AppStream
atk.x86_64                                    2.28.1-1.el8                                   @AppStream
attr.x86_64                                   2.4.48-3.el8                                   @anaconda 
audit.x86_64                                  3.0-0.17.20191104git1c2f876.el8                @anaconda 
audit-libs.x86_64                             3.0-0.17.20191104git1c2f876.el8                @anaconda 
augeas-libs.x86_64                            1.12.0-5.el8                                   @anaconda 
authselect.x86_64                             1.1-2.el8                                      @anaconda 
authselect-compat.x86_64                      1.1-2.el8                                      @AppStream
authselect-libs.x86_64                        1.1-2.el8                                      @anaconda 
autoconf.noarch                               2.69-27.el8                                    @AppStream
automake.noarch                               1.16.1-6.el8                                   @AppStream
avahi-libs.x86_64                             0.7-19.el8                                     @anaconda 
basesystem.noarch                             11-5.el8                                       @anaconda 
bash.x86_64                                   4.4.19-10.el8                                  @anaconda 
bash-completion.noarch                        1:2.7-5.el8                                    @anaconda 
bc.x86_64                                     1.07.1-5.el8                                   @anaconda 
bcc.x86_64                                    0.11.0-2.el8                                   @AppStream
bcc-tools.x86_64                              0.11.0-2.el8                                   @AppStream
bind-export-libs.x86_64                       32:9.11.13-6.el8_2.1                           @BaseOS   
bind-libs.x86_64                              32:9.11.13-6.el8_2.1                           @AppStream
bind-libs-lite.x86_64                         32:9.11.13-6.el8_2.1                           @AppStream
bind-license.noarch                           32:9.11.13-6.el8_2.1                           @AppStream
bind-utils.x86_64                             32:9.11.13-6.el8_2.1                           @AppStream
binutils.x86_64                               2.30-73.el8                                    @anaconda 
biosdevname.x86_64                            0.7.3-2.el8                                    @anaconda 
bison.x86_64                                  3.0.4-10.el8                                   @AppStream
blktrace.x86_64                               1.2.0-10.el8                                   @anaconda 
bolt.x86_64                                   0.8-2.el8                                      @anaconda 
boost-atomic.x86_64                           1.66.0-7.el8                                   @AppStream
boost-chrono.x86_64                           1.66.0-7.el8                                   @AppStream
boost-date-time.x86_64                        1.66.0-7.el8                                   @AppStream
boost-filesystem.x86_64                       1.66.0-7.el8                                   @AppStream
boost-regex.x86_64                            1.66.0-7.el8                                   @AppStream
boost-system.x86_64                           1.66.0-7.el8                                   @AppStream
boost-thread.x86_64                           1.66.0-7.el8                                   @AppStream
boost-timer.x86_64                            1.66.0-7.el8                                   @AppStream
bpftool.x86_64                                4.18.0-193.28.1.el8_2                          @BaseOS   
bpftrace.x86_64                               0.9.2-1.el8                                    @AppStream
brotli.x86_64                                 1.0.6-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
buildah.x86_64                                1.11.6-7.module_el8.2.0+305+5e198a41           @AppStream
byacc.x86_64                                  1.9.20170709-4.el8                             @AppStream
bzip2.x86_64                                  1.0.6-26.el8                                   @anaconda 
bzip2-libs.x86_64                             1.0.6-26.el8                                   @anaconda 
c-ares.x86_64                                 1.13.0-5.el8                                   @anaconda 
ca-certificates.noarch                        2020.2.41-80.0.el8_2                           @BaseOS   
cairo.x86_64                                  1.15.12-3.el8                                  @AppStream
cairo-gobject.x86_64                          1.15.12-3.el8                                  @AppStream
centos-gpg-keys.noarch                        8.2-2.2004.0.2.el8                             @BaseOS   
centos-logos.x86_64                           80.5-2.el8                                     @anaconda 
centos-release.x86_64                         8.2-2.2004.0.2.el8                             @BaseOS   
centos-repos.x86_64                           8.2-2.2004.0.2.el8                             @BaseOS   
checkpolicy.x86_64                            2.9-1.el8                                      @anaconda 
chkconfig.x86_64                              1.11-1.el8                                     @anaconda 
chrony.x86_64                                 3.5-1.el8                                      @anaconda 
cifs-utils.x86_64                             6.8-3.el8                                      @anaconda 
clang-libs.x86_64                             9.0.1-2.module_el8.2.0+309+0c7b6b03            @AppStream
clevis.x86_64                                 11-9.el8_2.1                                   @AppStream
clevis-luks.x86_64                            11-9.el8_2.1                                   @AppStream
cockpit.x86_64                                211.3-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
cockpit-bridge.x86_64                         211.3-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
cockpit-packagekit.noarch                     211.3-1.el8                                    @AppStream
cockpit-podman.noarch                         12-1.module_el8.2.0+305+5e198a41               @AppStream
cockpit-storaged.noarch                       211.3-1.el8                                    @AppStream
cockpit-system.noarch                         211.3-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
cockpit-ws.x86_64                             211.3-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
colord-libs.x86_64                            1.4.2-1.el8                                    @AppStream
compiler-rt.x86_64                            9.0.1-2.module_el8.2.0+309+0c7b6b03            @AppStream
conmon.x86_64                                 2:2.0.6-1.module_el8.2.0+305+5e198a41          @AppStream
container-selinux.noarch                      2:2.124.0-1.module_el8.2.0+305+5e198a41        @AppStream
containernetworking-plugins.x86_64            0.8.3-5.module_el8.2.0+305+5e198a41            @AppStream
containers-common.x86_64                      1:0.1.40-11.module_el8.2.0+377+92552693        @AppStream
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                       3.7-1.el8                                      @AppStream
coreutils.x86_64                              8.30-7.el8_2.1                                 @BaseOS   
coreutils-common.x86_64                       8.30-7.el8_2.1                                 @BaseOS   
cpio.x86_64                                   2.12-8.el8                                     @anaconda 
cpp.x86_64                                    8.3.1-5.el8.0.2                                @AppStream
cracklib.x86_64                               2.9.6-15.el8                                   @anaconda 
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                         2.9.6-15.el8                                   @anaconda 
crash.x86_64                                  7.2.7-3.el8                                    @AppStream
crash-gcore-command.x86_64                    1.3.1-4.el8                                    @AppStream
crash-ptdump-command.x86_64                   1.0.3-5.el8                                    @AppStream
crash-trace-command.x86_64                    2.0-15.el8                                     @AppStream
criu.x86_64                                   3.12-9.module_el8.2.0+305+5e198a41             @AppStream
cronie.x86_64                                 1.5.2-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
cronie-anacron.x86_64                         1.5.2-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
crontabs.noarch                               1.11-16.20150630git.el8                        @anaconda 
crypto-policies.noarch                        20191128-2.git23e1bf1.el8                      @anaconda 
cryptsetup.x86_64                             2.2.2-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                        2.2.2-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
ctags.x86_64                                  5.8-22.el8                                     @AppStream
cups-libs.x86_64                              1:2.2.6-33.el8                                 @anaconda 
curl.x86_64                                   7.61.1-12.el8                                  @anaconda 
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                             2.1.27-1.el8                                   @anaconda 
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                      2.1.27-1.el8                                   @anaconda 
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                         2.1.27-1.el8                                   @anaconda 
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                       2.1.27-1.el8                                   @anaconda 
dbus.x86_64                                   1:1.12.8-10.el8_2                              @BaseOS   
dbus-common.noarch                            1:1.12.8-10.el8_2                              @BaseOS   
dbus-daemon.x86_64                            1:1.12.8-10.el8_2                              @BaseOS   
dbus-glib.x86_64                              0.110-2.el8                                    @anaconda 
dbus-libs.x86_64                              1:1.12.8-10.el8_2                              @BaseOS   
dbus-tools.x86_64                             1:1.12.8-10.el8_2                              @BaseOS   
dbxtool.x86_64                                8-5.el8                                        @anaconda 
dconf.x86_64                                  0.28.0-3.el8                                   @AppStream
dejavu-fonts-common.noarch                    2.35-6.el8                                     @anaconda 
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                 2.35-6.el8                                     @anaconda 
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                     0.23-8.el8                                     @AppStream
device-mapper.x86_64                          8:1.02.169-3.el8                               @anaconda 
device-mapper-event.x86_64                    8:1.02.169-3.el8                               @anaconda 
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64               8:1.02.169-3.el8                               @anaconda 
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                     8:1.02.169-3.el8                               @anaconda 
device-mapper-multipath.x86_64                0.8.3-3.el8_2.3                                @BaseOS   
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64           0.8.3-3.el8_2.3                                @BaseOS   
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64          0.8.5-3.el8                                    @anaconda 
dhcp-client.x86_64                            12:4.3.6-40.el8                                @anaconda 
dhcp-common.noarch                            12:4.3.6-40.el8                                @anaconda 
dhcp-libs.x86_64                              12:4.3.6-40.el8                                @anaconda 
diffstat.x86_64                               1.61-7.el8                                     @AppStream
diffutils.x86_64                              3.6-6.el8                                      @anaconda 
dmidecode.x86_64                              1:3.2-5.el8                                    @anaconda 
dnf.noarch                                    4.2.17-7.el8_2                                 @BaseOS   
dnf-data.noarch                               4.2.17-7.el8_2                                 @BaseOS   
dnf-plugin-spacewalk.noarch                   2.8.5-11.module_el8.1.0+211+ad6c0bc7           @AppStream
dnf-plugin-subscription-manager.x86_64        1.26.20-1.el8_2                                @BaseOS   
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                       4.0.12-4.el8_2                                 @BaseOS   
docbook-dtds.noarch                           1.0-69.el8                                     @AppStream
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                      1.79.2-7.el8                                   @AppStream
dos2unix.x86_64                               7.4.0-3.el8                                    @anaconda 
dosfstools.x86_64                             4.1-6.el8                                      @anaconda 
dracut.x86_64                                 049-70.git20200228.el8                         @anaconda 
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                   049-70.git20200228.el8                         @anaconda 
dracut-network.x86_64                         049-70.git20200228.el8                         @anaconda 
dracut-squash.x86_64                          049-70.git20200228.el8                         @anaconda 
dwz.x86_64                                    0.12-9.el8                                     @AppStream
dyninst.x86_64                                10.1.0-4.el8                                   @AppStream
e2fsprogs.x86_64                              1.45.4-3.el8                                   @anaconda 
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                         1.45.4-3.el8                                   @anaconda 
ed.x86_64                                     1.14.2-4.el8                                   @anaconda 
efi-filesystem.noarch                         3-2.el8                                        @anaconda 
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                        3-2.el8                                        @AppStream
efibootmgr.x86_64                             16-1.el8                                       @anaconda 
efivar.x86_64                                 36-1.el8                                       @anaconda 
efivar-libs.x86_64                            36-1.el8                                       @anaconda 
elfutils.x86_64                               0.178-7.el8                                    @anaconda 
elfutils-debuginfod-client.x86_64             0.178-7.el8                                    @AppStream
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch            0.178-7.el8                                    @anaconda 
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                        0.178-7.el8                                    @anaconda 
elfutils-libs.x86_64                          0.178-7.el8                                    @anaconda 
emacs-filesystem.noarch                       1:26.1-5.el8                                   @anaconda 
ethtool.x86_64                                2:5.0-2.el8                                    @anaconda 
expat.x86_64                                  2.2.5-3.el8                                    @anaconda 
file.x86_64                                   5.33-13.el8                                    @anaconda 
file-libs.x86_64                              5.33-13.el8                                    @anaconda 
filesystem.x86_64                             3.8-2.el8                                      @anaconda 
findutils.x86_64                              1:4.6.0-20.el8                                 @anaconda 
fipscheck.x86_64                              1.5.0-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
fipscheck-lib.x86_64                          1.5.0-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
firewalld.noarch                              0.8.0-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                   0.8.0-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
flex.x86_64                                   2.6.1-9.el8                                    @AppStream
fltk.x86_64                                   1.3.4-5.el8                                    @AppStream
fontconfig.x86_64                             2.13.1-3.el8                                   @anaconda 
fontpackages-filesystem.noarch                1.44-22.el8                                    @anaconda 
fprintd.x86_64                                1.90.0-0.20191121gitf022902.el8                @AppStream
fprintd-pam.x86_64                            1.90.0-0.20191121gitf022902.el8                @AppStream
freetype.x86_64                               2.9.1-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
fribidi.x86_64                                1.0.4-8.el8                                    @AppStream
fuse.x86_64                                   2.9.7-12.el8                                   @anaconda 
fuse-common.x86_64                            3.2.1-12.el8                                   @anaconda 
fuse-libs.x86_64                              2.9.7-12.el8                                   @anaconda 
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                         0.7.2-5.module_el8.2.0+305+5e198a41            @AppStream
fuse3-libs.x86_64                             3.2.1-12.el8                                   @anaconda 
gawk.x86_64                                   4.2.1-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
gc.x86_64                                     7.6.4-3.el8                                    @AppStream
gcc.x86_64                                    8.3.1-5.el8.0.2                                @AppStream
gcc-c++.x86_64                                8.3.1-5.el8.0.2                                @AppStream
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                         8.3.1-5.el8.0.2                                @AppStream
gd.x86_64                                     2.2.5-6.el8                                    @AppStream
gdb.x86_64                                    8.2-11.el8                                     @AppStream
gdb-headless.x86_64                           8.2-11.el8                                     @AppStream
gdbm.x86_64                                   1:1.18-1.el8                                   @anaconda 
gdbm-libs.x86_64                              1:1.18-1.el8                                   @anaconda 
gdisk.x86_64                                  1.0.3-6.el8                                    @anaconda 
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                            2.36.12-5.el8                                  @anaconda 
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                    2.36.12-5.el8                                  @AppStream
geolite2-city.noarch                          20180605-1.el8                                 @AppStream
geolite2-country.noarch                       20180605-1.el8                                 @AppStream
gettext.x86_64                                0.19.8.1-17.el8                                @anaconda 
gettext-common-devel.noarch                   0.19.8.1-17.el8                                @anaconda 
gettext-devel.x86_64                          0.19.8.1-17.el8                                @anaconda 
gettext-libs.x86_64                           0.19.8.1-17.el8                                @anaconda 
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                        1.4.2-7.el8                                    @AppStream
git.x86_64                                    2.18.4-2.el8_2                                 @AppStream
git-core.x86_64                               2.18.4-2.el8_2                                 @AppStream
git-core-doc.noarch                           2.18.4-2.el8_2                                 @AppStream
glib-networking.x86_64                        2.56.1-1.1.el8                                 @anaconda 
glib2.x86_64                                  2.56.4-8.el8                                   @anaconda 
glibc.x86_64                                  2.28-101.el8                                   @anaconda 
glibc-common.x86_64                           2.28-101.el8                                   @anaconda 
glibc-devel.x86_64                            2.28-101.el8                                   @anaconda 
glibc-headers.x86_64                          2.28-101.el8                                   @anaconda 
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                      2.28-101.el8                                   @anaconda 
glx-utils.x86_64                              8.4.0-4.20181118git1830dcb.el8                 @AppStream
gmp.x86_64                                    1:6.1.2-10.el8                                 @anaconda 
gnupg2.x86_64                                 2.2.9-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                           2.2.9-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
gnutls.x86_64                                 3.6.8-11.el8_2                                 @BaseOS   
go-srpm-macros.noarch                         2-16.el8                                       @AppStream
gobject-introspection.x86_64                  1.56.1-1.el8                                   @anaconda 
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                20120715-13.el8                                @AppStream
gpgme.x86_64                                  1.10.0-6.el8.0.1                               @anaconda 
gpm-libs.x86_64                               1.20.7-15.el8                                  @AppStream
grafana.x86_64                                6.3.6-2.el8_2                                  @AppStream
grafana-azure-monitor.x86_64                  6.3.6-2.el8_2                                  @AppStream
grafana-cloudwatch.x86_64                     6.3.6-2.el8_2                                  @AppStream
grafana-elasticsearch.x86_64                  6.3.6-2.el8_2                                  @AppStream
grafana-graphite.x86_64                       6.3.6-2.el8_2                                  @AppStream
grafana-influxdb.x86_64                       6.3.6-2.el8_2                                  @AppStream
grafana-loki.x86_64                           6.3.6-2.el8_2                                  @AppStream
grafana-mssql.x86_64                          6.3.6-2.el8_2                                  @AppStream
grafana-mysql.x86_64                          6.3.6-2.el8_2                                  @AppStream
grafana-opentsdb.x86_64                       6.3.6-2.el8_2                                  @AppStream
grafana-pcp.noarch                            1.0.5-3.el8                                    @AppStream
grafana-postgres.x86_64                       6.3.6-2.el8_2                                  @AppStream
grafana-prometheus.x86_64                     6.3.6-2.el8_2                                  @AppStream
grafana-stackdriver.x86_64                    6.3.6-2.el8_2                                  @AppStream
graphite2.x86_64                              1.3.10-10.el8                                  @AppStream
graphviz.x86_64                               2.40.1-40.el8                                  @AppStream
grep.x86_64                                   3.1-6.el8                                      @anaconda 
groff-base.x86_64                             1.22.3-18.el8                                  @anaconda 
grub2-common.noarch                           1:2.02-87.el8_2                                @BaseOS   
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                          1:2.02-87.el8_2                                @BaseOS   
grub2-pc.x86_64                               1:2.02-87.el8_2                                @BaseOS   
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                       1:2.02-87.el8_2                                @BaseOS   
grub2-tools.x86_64                            1:2.02-87.el8_2                                @BaseOS   
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                        1:2.02-87.el8_2                                @BaseOS   
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                      1:2.02-87.el8_2                                @BaseOS   
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                    1:2.02-87.el8_2                                @BaseOS   
grubby.x86_64                                 8.40-38.el8                                    @anaconda 
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64              3.32.0-4.el8                                   @anaconda 
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                  3.22.30-5.el8                                  @AppStream
gtk2.x86_64                                   2.24.32-4.el8                                  @AppStream
gtk3.x86_64                                   3.22.30-5.el8                                  @AppStream
guile.x86_64                                  5:2.0.14-7.el8                                 @AppStream
gzip.x86_64                                   1.9-9.el8                                      @anaconda 
hardlink.x86_64                               1:1.3-6.el8                                    @anaconda 
harfbuzz.x86_64                               1.7.5-3.el8                                    @AppStream
hdparm.x86_64                                 9.54-2.el8                                     @anaconda 
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                     0.17-2.el8                                     @AppStream
hostname.x86_64                               3.20-6.el8                                     @anaconda 
hwdata.noarch                                 0.314-8.4.el8                                  @anaconda 
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                          1.1-5.el8                                      @anaconda 
infiniband-diags.x86_64                       26.0-8.el8                                     @anaconda 
info.x86_64                                   6.5-6.el8                                      @anaconda 
initscripts.x86_64                            10.00.6-1.el8_2.2                              @BaseOS   
intltool.noarch                               0.51.0-11.el8                                  @AppStream
iotop.noarch                                  0.6-16.el8                                     @anaconda 
iowatcher.x86_64                              1.2.0-10.el8                                   @AppStream
ipcalc.x86_64                                 0.2.4-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
iproute.x86_64                                5.3.0-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
iprutils.x86_64                               2.4.18.1-1.el8                                 @anaconda 
ipset.x86_64                                  7.1-1.el8                                      @anaconda 
ipset-libs.x86_64                             7.1-1.el8                                      @anaconda 
iptables.x86_64                               1.8.4-10.el8_2.1                               @BaseOS   
iptables-ebtables.x86_64                      1.8.4-10.el8_2.1                               @BaseOS   
iptables-libs.x86_64                          1.8.4-10.el8_2.1                               @BaseOS   
iptstate.x86_64                               2.2.6-6.el8                                    @anaconda 
iputils.x86_64                                20180629-2.el8                                 @anaconda 
irqbalance.x86_64                             2:1.4.0-4.el8                                  @anaconda 
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                  6.2.0.878-4.gitd791ce0.el8                     @anaconda 
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64         6.2.0.878-4.gitd791ce0.el8                     @anaconda 
isl.x86_64                                    0.16.1-6.el8                                   @AppStream
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                        0.99-1.el8                                     @anaconda 
iwl100-firmware.noarch                        39.31.5.1-97.el8.1                             @anaconda 
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                       1:39.31.5.1-97.el8.1                           @anaconda 
iwl105-firmware.noarch                        18.168.6.1-97.el8.1                            @anaconda 
iwl135-firmware.noarch                        18.168.6.1-97.el8.1                            @anaconda 
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                       18.168.6.1-97.el8.1                            @anaconda 
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                       18.168.6.1-97.el8.1                            @anaconda 
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                       1:25.30.13.0-97.el8.1                          @anaconda 
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                       15.32.2.9-97.el8.1                             @anaconda 
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                       228.61.2.24-97.el8.1                           @anaconda 
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                       8.83.5.1_1-97.el8.1                            @anaconda 
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                       8.24.2.2-97.el8.1                              @anaconda 
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                       9.221.4.1-97.el8.1                             @anaconda 
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                    18.168.6.1-97.el8.1                            @anaconda 
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                    18.168.6.1-97.el8.1                            @anaconda 
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                       41.28.5.1-97.el8.1                             @anaconda 
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                       1:25.30.13.0-97.el8.1                          @anaconda 
jansson.x86_64                                2.11-3.el8                                     @anaconda 
jasper-libs.x86_64                            2.0.14-4.el8                                   @AppStream
java-1.8.0-openjdk-headless.x86_64            1:1.8.0.272.b10-1.el8_2                        @AppStream
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                5.3.0-1.module_el8.0.0+11+5b8c10bd             @AppStream
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                          0.14-4.el8_2                                   @AppStream
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                           2.1-14.el8                                     @AppStream
jimtcl.x86_64                                 0.77-5.el8                                     @anaconda 
jna.x86_64                                    4.5.1-5.el8                                    @AppStream
jose.x86_64                                   10-2.el8                                       @AppStream
json-c.x86_64                                 0.13.1-0.2.el8                                 @anaconda 
json-glib.x86_64                              1.4.4-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
kbd.x86_64                                    2.0.4-8.el8                                    @anaconda 
kbd-legacy.noarch                             2.0.4-8.el8                                    @anaconda 
kbd-misc.noarch                               2.0.4-8.el8                                    @anaconda 
kernel.x86_64                                 4.18.0-193.el8                                 @anaconda 
kernel.x86_64                                 4.18.0-193.28.1.el8_2                          @BaseOS   
kernel-core.x86_64                            4.18.0-193.el8                                 @anaconda 
kernel-core.x86_64                            4.18.0-193.28.1.el8_2                          @BaseOS   
kernel-devel.x86_64                           4.18.0-193.el8                                 @anaconda 
kernel-devel.x86_64                           4.18.0-193.28.1.el8_2                          @BaseOS   
kernel-headers.x86_64                         4.18.0-193.28.1.el8_2                          @BaseOS   
kernel-modules.x86_64                         4.18.0-193.el8                                 @anaconda 
kernel-modules.x86_64                         4.18.0-193.28.1.el8_2                          @BaseOS   
kernel-tools.x86_64                           4.18.0-193.28.1.el8_2                          @BaseOS   
kernel-tools-libs.x86_64                      4.18.0-193.28.1.el8_2                          @BaseOS   
kexec-tools.x86_64                            2.0.20-14.el8                                  @anaconda 
keyutils.x86_64                               1.5.10-6.el8                                   @anaconda 
keyutils-libs.x86_64                          1.5.10-6.el8                                   @anaconda 
kmod.x86_64                                   25-16.el8                                      @anaconda 
kmod-kvdo.x86_64                              6.2.2.117-65.el8                               @anaconda 
kmod-libs.x86_64                              25-16.el8                                      @anaconda 
kpartx.x86_64                                 0.8.3-3.el8_2.3                                @BaseOS   
kpatch.noarch                                 0.6.1-6.el8                                    @anaconda 
krb5-libs.x86_64                              1.17-18.el8                                    @anaconda 
langpacks-en.noarch                           1.0-12.el8                                     @AppStream
lcms2.x86_64                                  2.9-2.el8                                      @AppStream
ldns.x86_64                                   1.7.0-21.el8                                   @AppStream
ledmon.x86_64                                 0.93-1.el8                                     @anaconda 
less.x86_64                                   530-1.el8                                      @anaconda 
libICE.x86_64                                 1.0.9-15.el8                                   @AppStream
libSM.x86_64                                  1.2.3-1.el8                                    @AppStream
libX11.x86_64                                 1.6.8-3.el8                                    @AppStream
libX11-common.noarch                          1.6.8-3.el8                                    @AppStream
libX11-xcb.x86_64                             1.6.8-3.el8                                    @AppStream
libXau.x86_64                                 1.0.8-13.el8                                   @AppStream
libXaw.x86_64                                 1.0.13-10.el8                                  @AppStream
libXcomposite.x86_64                          0.4.4-14.el8                                   @AppStream
libXcursor.x86_64                             1.1.15-3.el8                                   @AppStream
libXdamage.x86_64                             1.1.4-14.el8                                   @AppStream
libXext.x86_64                                1.3.3-9.el8                                    @AppStream
libXfixes.x86_64                              5.0.3-7.el8                                    @AppStream
libXft.x86_64                                 2.3.2-10.el8                                   @AppStream
libXi.x86_64                                  1.7.9-7.el8                                    @AppStream
libXinerama.x86_64                            1.1.4-1.el8                                    @AppStream
libXmu.x86_64                                 1.1.2-12.el8                                   @AppStream
libXpm.x86_64                                 3.5.12-8.el8                                   @AppStream
libXrandr.x86_64                              1.5.1-7.el8                                    @AppStream
libXrender.x86_64                             0.9.10-7.el8                                   @AppStream
libXt.x86_64                                  1.1.5-12.el8                                   @AppStream
libXtst.x86_64                                1.2.3-7.el8                                    @AppStream
libXxf86misc.x86_64                           1.0.4-1.el8                                    @AppStream
libXxf86vm.x86_64                             1.1.4-9.el8                                    @AppStream
libacl.x86_64                                 2.2.53-1.el8                                   @anaconda 
libaio.x86_64                                 0.3.112-1.el8                                  @anaconda 
libappstream-glib.x86_64                      0.7.14-3.el8                                   @anaconda 
libarchive.x86_64                             3.3.2-8.el8_1                                  @anaconda 
libassuan.x86_64                              2.5.1-3.el8                                    @anaconda 
libatasmart.x86_64                            0.19-14.el8                                    @AppStream
libatomic_ops.x86_64                          7.6.2-3.el8                                    @AppStream
libattr.x86_64                                2.4.48-3.el8                                   @anaconda 
libbabeltrace.x86_64                          1.5.4-2.el8                                    @AppStream
libbasicobjects.x86_64                        0.1.1-39.el8                                   @anaconda 
libblkid.x86_64                               2.32.1-22.el8                                  @anaconda 
libblockdev.x86_64                            2.19-12.el8                                    @AppStream
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                     2.19-12.el8                                    @AppStream
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                         2.19-12.el8                                    @AppStream
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                       2.19-12.el8                                    @AppStream
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                        2.19-12.el8                                    @AppStream
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                     2.19-12.el8                                    @AppStream
libblockdev-part.x86_64                       2.19-12.el8                                    @AppStream
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                       2.19-12.el8                                    @AppStream
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                      2.19-12.el8                                    @AppStream
libbpf.x86_64                                 0.0.4-5.el8                                    @anaconda 
libbytesize.x86_64                            1.4-3.el8                                      @AppStream
libcap.x86_64                                 2.26-3.el8                                     @anaconda 
libcap-ng.x86_64                              0.7.9-5.el8                                    @anaconda 
libcollection.x86_64                          0.7.0-39.el8                                   @anaconda 
libcom_err.x86_64                             1.45.4-3.el8                                   @anaconda 
libcomps.x86_64                               0.1.11-4.el8                                   @anaconda 
libconfig.x86_64                              1.5-9.el8                                      @anaconda 
libcroco.x86_64                               0.6.12-4.el8_2.1                               @BaseOS   
libcurl.x86_64                                7.61.1-12.el8                                  @anaconda 
libdaemon.x86_64                              0.14-15.el8                                    @anaconda 
libdatrie.x86_64                              0.2.9-7.el8                                    @AppStream
libdb.x86_64                                  5.3.28-37.el8                                  @anaconda 
libdb-utils.x86_64                            5.3.28-37.el8                                  @anaconda 
libdhash.x86_64                               0.5.0-39.el8                                   @anaconda 
libdnf.x86_64                                 0.39.1-6.el8_2                                 @BaseOS   
libdrm.x86_64                                 2.4.100-1.el8                                  @AppStream
libedit.x86_64                                3.1-23.20170329cvs.el8                         @anaconda 
libepoxy.x86_64                               1.5.3-1.el8                                    @AppStream
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                1:2.00.3-7.el8                                 @anaconda 
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                  1:2.00.3-7.el8                                 @anaconda 
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch              2:20191202-97.gite8a0f4c9.el8                  @anaconda 
libestr.x86_64                                0.1.10-1.el8                                   @AppStream
libevent.x86_64                               2.1.8-5.el8                                    @anaconda 
libfastjson.x86_64                            0.99.8-2.el8                                   @AppStream
libfdisk.x86_64                               2.32.1-22.el8                                  @anaconda 
libffi.x86_64                                 3.1-21.el8                                     @anaconda 
libfontenc.x86_64                             1.1.3-8.el8                                    @AppStream
libfprint.x86_64                              1.90.0-4.el8                                   @AppStream
libgcc.x86_64                                 8.3.1-5.el8.0.2                                @anaconda 
libgcrypt.x86_64                              1.8.3-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
libglvnd.x86_64                               1:1.2.0-6.el8                                  @AppStream
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                           1:1.2.0-6.el8                                  @AppStream
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                           1:1.2.0-6.el8                                  @AppStream
libgomp.x86_64                                8.3.1-5.el8.0.2                                @anaconda 
libgpg-error.x86_64                           1.31-1.el8                                     @anaconda 
libgs.x86_64                                  9.25-5.el8_1.1                                 @AppStream
libgudev.x86_64                               232-4.el8                                      @anaconda 
libgusb.x86_64                                0.3.0-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
libibumad.x86_64                              26.0-8.el8                                     @anaconda 
libicu.x86_64                                 60.3-2.el8_1                                   @anaconda 
libidn.x86_64                                 1.34-5.el8                                     @AppStream
libidn2.x86_64                                2.2.0-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
libijs.x86_64                                 0.35-5.el8                                     @AppStream
libini_config.x86_64                          1.3.1-39.el8                                   @anaconda 
libipa_hbac.x86_64                            2.2.3-20.el8                                   @anaconda 
libipt.x86_64                                 1.6.1-8.el8                                    @AppStream
libjose.x86_64                                10-2.el8                                       @AppStream
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                          1.5.3-10.el8                                   @AppStream
libkcapi.x86_64                               1.1.1-16_1.el8                                 @anaconda 
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                      1.1.1-16_1.el8                                 @anaconda 
libksba.x86_64                                1.3.5-7.el8                                    @anaconda 
libldb.x86_64                                 2.0.7-3.el8                                    @anaconda 
libluksmeta.x86_64                            9-4.el8                                        @AppStream
libmaxminddb.x86_64                           1.2.0-7.el8                                    @AppStream
libmcpp.x86_64                                2.7.2-20.el8                                   @AppStream
libmetalink.x86_64                            0.1.3-7.el8                                    @anaconda 
libmnl.x86_64                                 1.0.4-6.el8                                    @anaconda 
libmodman.x86_64                              2.0.1-17.el8                                   @anaconda 
libmodulemd1.x86_64                           1.8.16-0.2.8.2.1                               @anaconda 
libmount.x86_64                               2.32.1-22.el8                                  @anaconda 
libmpc.x86_64                                 1.0.2-9.el8                                    @AppStream
libmspack.x86_64                              0.7-0.3.alpha.el8.4                            @AppStream
libndp.x86_64                                 1.7-3.el8                                      @anaconda 
libnet.x86_64                                 1.1.6-15.el8                                   @AppStream
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                 1.0.6-5.el8                                    @anaconda 
libnfnetlink.x86_64                           1.0.1-13.el8                                   @anaconda 
libnfsidmap.x86_64                            1:2.3.3-31.el8                                 @anaconda 
libnftnl.x86_64                               1.1.5-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
libnghttp2.x86_64                             1.33.0-3.el8_2.1                               @BaseOS   
libnl3.x86_64                                 3.5.0-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
libnl3-cli.x86_64                             3.5.0-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
libnsl2.x86_64                                1.2.0-2.20180605git4a062cf.el8                 @anaconda 
libogg.x86_64                                 2:1.3.2-10.el8                                 @AppStream
libomp.x86_64                                 9.0.1-1.module_el8.2.0+309+0c7b6b03            @AppStream
libpaper.x86_64                               1.1.24-22.el8                                  @AppStream
libpath_utils.x86_64                          0.2.1-39.el8                                   @anaconda 
libpcap.x86_64                                14:1.9.0-3.el8                                 @anaconda 
libpciaccess.x86_64                           0.14-1.el8                                     @anaconda 
libpfm.x86_64                                 4.10.1-2.el8_2.1                               @AppStream
libpipeline.x86_64                            1.5.0-2.el8                                    @anaconda 
libpkgconf.x86_64                             1.4.2-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
libpng.x86_64                                 2:1.6.34-5.el8                                 @anaconda 
libpq.x86_64                                  12.4-1.el8_2                                   @AppStream
libproxy.x86_64                               0.4.15-5.2.el8                                 @anaconda 
libpsl.x86_64                                 0.20.2-5.el8                                   @anaconda 
libpwquality.x86_64                           1.4.0-9.el8                                    @anaconda 
libref_array.x86_64                           0.1.5-39.el8                                   @anaconda 
librelp.x86_64                                1.2.16-1.el8                                   @AppStream
librepo.x86_64                                1.11.0-3.el8_2                                 @BaseOS   
libreport.x86_64                              2.9.5-10.el8                                   @AppStream
libreport-cli.x86_64                          2.9.5-10.el8                                   @AppStream
libreport-filesystem.x86_64                   2.9.5-10.el8                                   @anaconda 
libreport-plugin-rhtsupport.x86_64            2.9.5-10.el8                                   @AppStream
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64               2.9.5-10.el8                                   @AppStream
libreport-rhel.x86_64                         2.9.5-10.el8                                   @AppStream
libreport-web.x86_64                          2.9.5-10.el8                                   @AppStream
libreswan.x86_64                              3.29-7.el8_2                                   @AppStream
librsvg2.x86_64                               2.42.7-3.el8                                   @AppStream
librsvg2-tools.x86_64                         2.42.7-3.el8                                   @AppStream
libseccomp.x86_64                             2.4.1-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
libsecret.x86_64                              0.18.6-1.el8                                   @anaconda 
libselinux.x86_64                             2.9-3.el8                                      @anaconda 
libselinux-utils.x86_64                       2.9-3.el8                                      @anaconda 
libsemanage.x86_64                            2.9-2.el8                                      @anaconda 
libsepol.x86_64                               2.9-1.el8                                      @anaconda 
libsigsegv.x86_64                             2.11-5.el8                                     @anaconda 
libsmartcols.x86_64                           2.32.1-22.el8                                  @anaconda 
libsmbclient.x86_64                           4.11.2-13.el8                                  @anaconda 
libsolv.x86_64                                0.7.7-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
libsoup.x86_64                                2.62.3-1.el8                                   @anaconda 
libss.x86_64                                  1.45.4-3.el8                                   @anaconda 
libssh.x86_64                                 0.9.0-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
libssh-config.noarch                          0.9.0-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
libsss_autofs.x86_64                          2.2.3-20.el8                                   @anaconda 
libsss_certmap.x86_64                         2.2.3-20.el8                                   @anaconda 
libsss_idmap.x86_64                           2.2.3-20.el8                                   @anaconda 
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                       2.2.3-20.el8                                   @anaconda 
libsss_sudo.x86_64                            2.2.3-20.el8                                   @anaconda 
libstdc++.x86_64                              8.3.1-5.el8.0.2                                @anaconda 
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                        8.3.1-5.el8.0.2                                @AppStream
libstemmer.x86_64                             0-10.585svn.el8                                @anaconda 
libstoragemgmt.x86_64                         1.8.3-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
libsysfs.x86_64                               2.1.0-24.el8                                   @anaconda 
libtalloc.x86_64                              2.2.0-7.el8                                    @anaconda 
libtar.x86_64                                 1.2.20-15.el8                                  @AppStream
libtasn1.x86_64                               4.13-3.el8                                     @anaconda 
libtdb.x86_64                                 1.4.2-2.el8                                    @anaconda 
libteam.x86_64                                1.29-1.el8_2.2                                 @BaseOS   
libtevent.x86_64                              0.10.0-2.el8                                   @anaconda 
libthai.x86_64                                0.1.27-2.el8                                   @AppStream
libtheora.x86_64                              1:1.1.1-21.el8                                 @AppStream
libtiff.x86_64                                4.0.9-17.el8                                   @AppStream
libtirpc.x86_64                               1.1.4-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
libtool.x86_64                                2.4.6-25.el8                                   @AppStream
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                           2.4.6-25.el8                                   @anaconda 
libudisks2.x86_64                             2.8.3-2.el8                                    @AppStream
libunistring.x86_64                           0.9.9-3.el8                                    @anaconda 
libusbx.x86_64                                1.0.22-1.el8                                   @anaconda 
libuser.x86_64                                0.62-23.el8                                    @anaconda 
libutempter.x86_64                            1.1.6-14.el8                                   @anaconda 
libuuid.x86_64                                2.32.1-22.el8                                  @anaconda 
libuv.x86_64                                  1:1.23.1-1.el8                                 @AppStream
libvarlink.x86_64                             18-3.el8                                       @anaconda 
libverto.x86_64                               0.3.0-5.el8                                    @anaconda 
libvirt-libs.x86_64                           4.5.0-42.module_el8.2.0+320+13f867d7           @AppStream
libvorbis.x86_64                              1:1.3.6-2.el8                                  @AppStream
libwayland-client.x86_64                      1.17.0-1.el8                                   @AppStream
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                      1.17.0-1.el8                                   @AppStream
libwayland-egl.x86_64                         1.17.0-1.el8                                   @AppStream
libwayland-server.x86_64                      1.17.0-1.el8                                   @AppStream
libwbclient.x86_64                            4.11.2-13.el8                                  @anaconda 
libwebp.x86_64                                1.0.0-1.el8                                    @AppStream
libxcb.x86_64                                 1.13.1-1.el8                                   @AppStream
libxcrypt.x86_64                              4.1.1-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                        4.1.1-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
libxkbcommon.x86_64                           0.9.1-1.el8                                    @AppStream
libxml2.x86_64                                2.9.7-7.el8                                    @anaconda 
libxshmfence.x86_64                           1.3-2.el8                                      @AppStream
libxslt.x86_64                                1.1.32-4.el8                                   @anaconda 
libyaml.x86_64                                0.1.7-5.el8                                    @anaconda 
libzstd.x86_64                                1.4.2-2.el8                                    @anaconda 
linux-firmware.noarch                         20191202-97.gite8a0f4c9.el8                    @anaconda 
lksctp-tools.x86_64                           1.0.18-3.el8                                   @anaconda 
llvm-libs.x86_64                              9.0.1-5.module_el8.2.0+461+2e15bd5f            @AppStream
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                        3.4.0-21.20180522git70f7e08.el8                @anaconda 
logrotate.x86_64                              3.14.0-3.el8                                   @anaconda 
lshw.x86_64                                   B.02.18-23.el8                                 @anaconda 
lsof.x86_64                                   4.91-2.el8                                     @anaconda 
lsscsi.x86_64                                 0.30-1.el8                                     @anaconda 
ltrace.x86_64                                 0.7.91-28.el8                                  @AppStream
lua.x86_64                                    5.3.4-11.el8                                   @AppStream
lua-libs.x86_64                               5.3.4-11.el8                                   @anaconda 
luksmeta.x86_64                               9-4.el8                                        @AppStream
lvm2.x86_64                                   8:2.03.08-3.el8                                @anaconda 
lvm2-libs.x86_64                              8:2.03.08-3.el8                                @anaconda 
lz4.x86_64                                    1.8.1.2-4.el8                                  @anaconda 
lz4-libs.x86_64                               1.8.1.2-4.el8                                  @anaconda 
lzo.x86_64                                    2.08-14.el8                                    @anaconda 
m4.x86_64                                     1.4.18-7.el8                                   @anaconda 
mailcap.noarch                                2.1.48-3.el8                                   @anaconda 
make.x86_64                                   1:4.2.1-10.el8                                 @anaconda 
man-db.x86_64                                 2.7.6.1-17.el8                                 @anaconda 
man-pages.x86_64                              4.15-6.el8                                     @anaconda 
man-pages-overrides.noarch                    8.2.0.2-1.el8                                  @AppStream
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                    3.0.7-1.el8                                    @AppStream
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch             3.0.7-1.el8                                    @AppStream
mcelog.x86_64                                 3:165-0.el8                                    @anaconda 
mcpp.x86_64                                   2.7.2-20.el8                                   @AppStream
mdadm.x86_64                                  4.1-13.el8                                     @anaconda 
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                            19.3.4-2.el8                                   @AppStream
mesa-libGL.x86_64                             19.3.4-2.el8                                   @AppStream
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                            9.0.0-15.el8                                   @AppStream
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                            19.3.4-2.el8                                   @AppStream
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                          19.3.4-2.el8                                   @AppStream
microcode_ctl.x86_64                          4:20191115-4.20200609.1.el8_2                  @BaseOS   
mlocate.x86_64                                0.26-20.el8                                    @anaconda 
mokutil.x86_64                                1:0.3.0-9.el8                                  @anaconda 
mozjs60.x86_64                                60.9.0-4.el8                                   @anaconda 
mpfr.x86_64                                   3.1.6-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
mtr.x86_64                                    2:0.92-3.el8                                   @anaconda 
nano.x86_64                                   2.9.8-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
ncurses.x86_64                                6.1-7.20180224.el8                             @anaconda 
ncurses-base.noarch                           6.1-7.20180224.el8                             @anaconda 
ncurses-libs.x86_64                           6.1-7.20180224.el8                             @anaconda 
net-tools.x86_64                              2.0-0.51.20160912git.el8                       @anaconda 
nettle.x86_64                                 3.4.1-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
newt.x86_64                                   0.52.20-11.el8                                 @anaconda 
nftables.x86_64                               1:0.9.3-12.el8_2.1                             @BaseOS   
nmap.x86_64                                   2:7.70-5.el8                                   @AppStream
nmap-ncat.x86_64                              2:7.70-5.el8                                   @AppStream
npth.x86_64                                   1.5-4.el8                                      @anaconda 
nspr.x86_64                                   4.25.0-2.el8_2                                 @AppStream
nss.x86_64                                    3.53.1-11.el8_2                                @AppStream
nss-softokn.x86_64                            3.53.1-11.el8_2                                @AppStream
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                     3.53.1-11.el8_2                                @AppStream
nss-sysinit.x86_64                            3.53.1-11.el8_2                                @AppStream
nss-tools.x86_64                              3.53.1-11.el8_2                                @AppStream
nss-util.x86_64                               3.53.1-11.el8_2                                @AppStream
numactl-libs.x86_64                           2.0.12-9.el8                                   @anaconda 
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                      5-4.el8                                        @AppStream
oddjob.x86_64                                 0.34.4-7.el8                                   @AppStream
oddjob-mkhomedir.x86_64                       0.34.4-7.el8                                   @AppStream
open-vm-tools.x86_64                          11.0.5-3.el8                                   @AppStream
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                   2-2.el8                                        @AppStream
openjpeg2.x86_64                              2.3.1-6.el8                                    @AppStream
openldap.x86_64                               2.4.46-11.el8_1                                @anaconda 
openldap-clients.x86_64                       2.4.46-11.el8_1                                @anaconda 
openssh.x86_64                                8.0p1-4.el8_1                                  @anaconda 
openssh-clients.x86_64                        8.0p1-4.el8_1                                  @anaconda 
openssh-server.x86_64                         8.0p1-4.el8_1                                  @anaconda 
openssl.x86_64                                1:1.1.1c-15.el8                                @anaconda 
openssl-libs.x86_64                           1:1.1.1c-15.el8                                @anaconda 
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                         0.4.10-2.el8                                   @anaconda 
os-prober.x86_64                              1.74-6.el8                                     @anaconda 
p11-kit.x86_64                                0.23.14-5.el8_0                                @anaconda 
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                          0.23.14-5.el8_0                                @anaconda 
pam.x86_64                                    1.3.1-8.el8                                    @anaconda 
pango.x86_64                                  1.42.4-6.el8                                   @AppStream
parted.x86_64                                 3.2-38.el8                                     @anaconda 
passwd.x86_64                                 0.80-3.el8                                     @anaconda 
patch.x86_64                                  2.7.6-11.el8                                   @anaconda 
patchutils.x86_64                             0.3.4-10.el8                                   @AppStream
pciutils.x86_64                               3.5.6-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
pciutils-libs.x86_64                          3.5.6-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
pcp.x86_64                                    5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-conf.x86_64                               5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-devel.x86_64                              5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-doc.noarch                                5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-export-pcp2elasticsearch.x86_64           5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-export-pcp2graphite.x86_64                5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-export-pcp2influxdb.x86_64                5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-export-pcp2json.x86_64                    5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-export-pcp2spark.x86_64                   5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-export-pcp2xml.x86_64                     5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-export-pcp2zabbix.x86_64                  5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-export-zabbix-agent.x86_64                5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-gui.x86_64                                5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-import-collectl2pcp.x86_64                5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-import-ganglia2pcp.x86_64                 5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-import-iostat2pcp.x86_64                  5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-import-mrtg2pcp.x86_64                    5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-import-sar2pcp.x86_64                     5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-libs.x86_64                               5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-libs-devel.x86_64                         5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-manager.x86_64                            5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-activemq.x86_64                      5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-apache.x86_64                        5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-bash.x86_64                          5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-bcc.x86_64                           5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-bind2.x86_64                         5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-bonding.x86_64                       5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-bpftrace.x86_64                      5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-cifs.x86_64                          5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-cisco.x86_64                         5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-dbping.x86_64                        5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-dm.x86_64                            5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-docker.x86_64                        5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-ds389.x86_64                         5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-ds389log.x86_64                      5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-elasticsearch.x86_64                 5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-gfs2.x86_64                          5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-gluster.x86_64                       5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-gpfs.x86_64                          5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-gpsd.x86_64                          5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-haproxy.x86_64                       5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-infiniband.x86_64                    5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-json.x86_64                          5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-libvirt.x86_64                       5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-lio.x86_64                           5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-lmsensors.x86_64                     5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-logger.x86_64                        5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-lustre.x86_64                        5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-lustrecomm.x86_64                    5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-mailq.x86_64                         5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-memcache.x86_64                      5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-mic.x86_64                           5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-mounts.x86_64                        5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-mssql.x86_64                         5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-mysql.x86_64                         5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-named.x86_64                         5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-netcheck.x86_64                      5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-netfilter.x86_64                     5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-news.x86_64                          5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-nfsclient.x86_64                     5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-nginx.x86_64                         5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-nvidia-gpu.x86_64                    5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-openmetrics.x86_64                   5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-oracle.x86_64                        5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-pdns.x86_64                          5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-perfevent.x86_64                     5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-podman.x86_64                        5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-postfix.x86_64                       5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-postgresql.x86_64                    5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-redis.x86_64                         5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-roomtemp.x86_64                      5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-rpm.x86_64                           5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-rsyslog.x86_64                       5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-samba.x86_64                         5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-sendmail.x86_64                      5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-shping.x86_64                        5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-slurm.x86_64                         5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-smart.x86_64                         5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-snmp.x86_64                          5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-summary.x86_64                       5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-systemd.x86_64                       5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-trace.x86_64                         5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-unbound.x86_64                       5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-vmware.x86_64                        5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-weblog.x86_64                        5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-zimbra.x86_64                        5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-pmda-zswap.x86_64                         5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-selinux.x86_64                            5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-system-tools.x86_64                       5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-testsuite.x86_64                          5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcp-zeroconf.x86_64                           5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
pcre.x86_64                                   8.42-4.el8                                     @anaconda 
pcre2.x86_64                                  10.32-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                            10.32-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
perf.x86_64                                   4.18.0-193.28.1.el8_2                          @BaseOS   
perl-Bit-Vector.x86_64                        7.4-11.el8                                     @AppStream
perl-Carp.noarch                              1.42-396.el8                                   @anaconda 
perl-Carp-Clan.noarch                         6.06-6.el8                                     @AppStream
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                2.081-1.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                 2.081-1.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-DBD-MySQL.x86_64                         4.046-3.module_el8.1.0+203+e45423dc            @AppStream
perl-DBD-SQLite.x86_64                        1.58-2.module_el8.1.0+207+bdacd7b7             @AppStream
perl-DBI.x86_64                               1.641-3.module_el8.1.0+199+8f0a6bbd            @AppStream
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                         1.23-7.el8                                     @AppStream
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                       2.167-399.el8                                  @anaconda 
perl-Date-Calc.noarch                         6.4-9.el8                                      @AppStream
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                        6.60-2.el8                                     @anaconda 
perl-Digest.noarch                            1.17-395.el8                                   @AppStream
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                       1.03-17.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                        2.55-396.el8                                   @AppStream
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                        1:6.02-1.el8                                   @AppStream
perl-Encode.x86_64                            4:2.97-3.el8                                   @anaconda 
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                     1.05-9.el8                                     @AppStream
perl-Errno.x86_64                             1.28-416.el8                                   @anaconda 
perl-Error.noarch                             1:0.17025-2.el8                                @AppStream
perl-Exporter.noarch                          5.72-396.el8                                   @anaconda 
perl-Fedora-VSP.noarch                        0.001-9.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-File-Listing.noarch                      6.04-17.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-File-Path.noarch                         2.15-2.el8                                     @anaconda 
perl-File-Slurp.noarch                        9999.19-19.el8                                 @AppStream
perl-File-Temp.noarch                         0.230.600-1.el8                                @anaconda 
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                       1:2.50-4.el8                                   @anaconda 
perl-Git.noarch                               2.18.4-2.el8_2                                 @AppStream
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                       3.72-14.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                       3.20-33.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                      6.04-2.el8                                     @AppStream
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                         6.02-18.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                      6.18-1.el8                                     @AppStream
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                    6.01-19.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                         0.074-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
perl-IO.x86_64                                1.38-416.el8                                   @anaconda 
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                       2.081-1.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                           1.001-10.el8                                   @AppStream
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                      0.39-5.el8                                     @AppStream
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                     2.066-4.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-JSON.noarch                              2.97.001-2.el8                                 @AppStream
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                    6.02-14.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                       3.15-396.el8                                   @anaconda 
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                       1:1.9998.11-7.el8                              @anaconda 
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                      1.59-416.el8                                   @anaconda 
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                        20160104-7.el8                                 @AppStream
perl-NTLM.noarch                              1.09-17.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                          6.17-2.el8                                     @AppStream
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                        1.88-1.el8                                     @AppStream
perl-PCP-LogImport.x86_64                     5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-PCP-LogSummary.x86_64                    5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-PCP-MMV.x86_64                           5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-PCP-PMDA.x86_64                          5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-PathTools.x86_64                         3.74-1.el8                                     @anaconda 
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                       1:1.07-395.el8                                 @anaconda 
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                       3.28-396.el8                                   @anaconda 
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                        1:3.35-395.el8                                 @anaconda 
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                         4:1.69-395.el8                                 @anaconda 
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                 3:1.49-2.el8                                   @anaconda 
perl-Socket.x86_64                            4:2.027-3.el8                                  @anaconda 
perl-Storable.x86_64                          1:3.11-3.el8                                   @anaconda 
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                    4.06-396.el8                                   @anaconda 
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                          1.17-395.el8                                   @anaconda 
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                       2.37-7.el8                                     @AppStream
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                   3.30-395.el8                                   @anaconda 
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                    2013.0523-395.el8                              @anaconda 
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                      3.13-1.el8                                     @AppStream
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                        1.9758-1.el8                                   @AppStream
perl-Time-Local.noarch                        1:1.280-1.el8                                  @anaconda 
perl-TimeDate.noarch                          1:2.30-13.el8                                  @AppStream
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                          0.30-2.el8                                     @AppStream
perl-URI.noarch                               1.73-3.el8                                     @AppStream
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                 1.25-396.el8                                   @anaconda 
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                    6.02-18.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-XML-Catalog.noarch                       1.03-11.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                        1:2.0132-2.el8                                 @AppStream
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch              1.12-4.el8                                     @AppStream
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                        2.44-11.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                           1.00-1.el8                                     @AppStream
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                      1.09-4.el8                                     @AppStream
perl-XML-TokeParser.noarch                    0.05-25.el8                                    @AppStream
perl-constant.noarch                          1.33-396.el8                                   @anaconda 
perl-generators.noarch                        1.10-9.el8                                     @AppStream
perl-interpreter.x86_64                       4:5.26.3-416.el8                               @anaconda 
perl-libnet.noarch                            3.11-3.el8                                     @AppStream
perl-libs.x86_64                              4:5.26.3-416.el8                               @anaconda 
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                       6.34-1.el8                                     @AppStream
perl-macros.x86_64                            4:5.26.3-416.el8                               @anaconda 
perl-parent.noarch                            1:0.237-1.el8                                  @anaconda 
perl-podlators.noarch                         4.11-1.el8                                     @anaconda 
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                       1-25.el8                                       @AppStream
perl-threads.x86_64                           1:2.21-2.el8                                   @anaconda 
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                    1.58-2.el8                                     @anaconda 
pesign.x86_64                                 0.112-25.el8                                   @AppStream
pigz.x86_64                                   2.4-4.el8                                      @anaconda 
pinentry.x86_64                               1.1.0-2.el8                                    @AppStream
pinfo.x86_64                                  0.6.10-18.el8                                  @AppStream
pixman.x86_64                                 0.38.4-1.el8                                   @AppStream
pkgconf.x86_64                                1.4.2-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
pkgconf-m4.noarch                             1.4.2-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                     1.4.2-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
platform-python.x86_64                        3.6.8-23.el8                                   @anaconda 
platform-python-pip.noarch                    9.0.3-16.el8                                   @anaconda 
platform-python-setuptools.noarch             39.2.0-5.el8                                   @anaconda 
plymouth.x86_64                               0.9.3-16.el8                                   @AppStream
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                     0.9.3-16.el8                                   @AppStream
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                       0.9.3-16.el8                                   @AppStream
podman.x86_64                                 1.6.4-10.module_el8.2.0+305+5e198a41           @AppStream
policycoreutils.x86_64                        2.9-9.el8                                      @anaconda 
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch           2.9-9.el8                                      @anaconda 
polkit.x86_64                                 0.115-11.el8                                   @anaconda 
polkit-libs.x86_64                            0.115-11.el8                                   @anaconda 
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                     0.1-12.el8                                     @anaconda 
popt.x86_64                                   1.16-14.el8                                    @anaconda 
postfix.x86_64                                2:3.3.1-12.el8                                 @anaconda 
postfix-perl-scripts.x86_64                   2:3.3.1-12.el8                                 @AppStream
powertop.x86_64                               2.11-1.el8                                     @AppStream
prefixdevname.x86_64                          0.1.0-6.el8                                    @anaconda 
procps-ng.x86_64                              3.3.15-1.el8                                   @anaconda 
protobuf-c.x86_64                             1.3.0-4.el8                                    @AppStream
psacct.x86_64                                 6.6.3-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
psmisc.x86_64                                 23.1-4.el8                                     @anaconda 
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                20180723-1.el8                                 @anaconda 
python-srpm-macros.noarch                     3-38.el8                                       @AppStream
python3-abrt.x86_64                           2.10.9-11.el8                                  @AppStream
python3-abrt-addon.x86_64                     2.10.9-11.el8                                  @AppStream
python3-asn1crypto.noarch                     0.24.0-3.el8                                   @anaconda 
python3-audit.x86_64                          3.0-0.17.20191104git1c2f876.el8                @anaconda 
python3-augeas.noarch                         0.5.0-12.el8                                   @AppStream
python3-bcc.x86_64                            0.11.0-2.el8                                   @AppStream
python3-bind.noarch                           32:9.11.13-6.el8_2.1                           @AppStream
python3-cairo.x86_64                          1.16.3-6.el8                                   @AppStream
python3-cffi.x86_64                           1.11.5-5.el8                                   @anaconda 
python3-chardet.noarch                        3.0.4-7.el8                                    @anaconda 
python3-configobj.noarch                      5.0.6-11.el8                                   @anaconda 
python3-cryptography.x86_64                   2.3-3.el8                                      @anaconda 
python3-dateutil.noarch                       1:2.6.1-6.el8                                  @anaconda 
python3-dbus.x86_64                           1.2.4-15.el8                                   @anaconda 
python3-decorator.noarch                      4.2.1-2.el8                                    @anaconda 
python3-dmidecode.x86_64                      3.12.2-15.el8                                  @anaconda 
python3-dnf.noarch                            4.2.17-7.el8_2                                 @BaseOS   
python3-dnf-plugin-spacewalk.noarch           2.8.5-11.module_el8.1.0+211+ad6c0bc7           @AppStream
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch               4.0.12-4.el8_2                                 @BaseOS   
python3-ethtool.x86_64                        0.14-3.el8                                     @anaconda 
python3-firewall.noarch                       0.8.0-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
python3-gobject.x86_64                        3.28.3-1.el8                                   @AppStream
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                   3.28.3-1.el8                                   @anaconda 
python3-gpg.x86_64                            1.10.0-6.el8.0.1                               @anaconda 
python3-hawkey.x86_64                         0.39.1-6.el8_2                                 @BaseOS   
python3-html5lib.noarch                       1:0.999999999-6.el8                            @AppStream
python3-hwdata.noarch                         2.3.6-3.el8                                    @AppStream
python3-idna.noarch                           2.5-5.el8                                      @anaconda 
python3-iniparse.noarch                       0.4-31.el8                                     @anaconda 
python3-inotify.noarch                        0.9.6-13.el8                                   @anaconda 
python3-jsonpointer.noarch                    1.10-11.el8                                    @AppStream
python3-kmod.x86_64                           0.9-20.el8                                     @anaconda 
python3-libcomps.x86_64                       0.1.11-4.el8                                   @anaconda 
python3-libdnf.x86_64                         0.39.1-6.el8_2                                 @BaseOS   
python3-librepo.x86_64                        1.11.0-3.el8_2                                 @BaseOS   
python3-libreport.x86_64                      2.9.5-10.el8                                   @AppStream
python3-libs.x86_64                           3.6.8-23.el8                                   @anaconda 
python3-libselinux.x86_64                     2.9-3.el8                                      @anaconda 
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                    2.9-2.el8                                      @anaconda 
python3-libstoragemgmt.noarch                 1.8.3-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
python3-libstoragemgmt-clibs.x86_64           1.8.3-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
python3-libvirt.x86_64                        4.5.0-2.module_el8.2.0+320+13f867d7            @AppStream
python3-libxml2.x86_64                        2.9.7-7.el8                                    @anaconda 
python3-linux-procfs.noarch                   0.6-7.el8                                      @anaconda 
python3-lxml.x86_64                           4.2.3-1.el8                                    @AppStream
python3-netaddr.noarch                        0.7.19-8.el8                                   @AppStream
python3-netifaces.x86_64                      0.10.6-4.el8                                   @AppStream
python3-newt.x86_64                           0.52.20-11.el8                                 @AppStream
python3-nftables.x86_64                       1:0.9.3-12.el8_2.1                             @BaseOS   
python3-pcp.x86_64                            5.0.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
python3-perf.x86_64                           4.18.0-193.28.1.el8_2                          @BaseOS   
python3-pip.noarch                            9.0.3-16.el8                                   @AppStream
python3-pip-wheel.noarch                      9.0.3-16.el8                                   @anaconda 
python3-ply.noarch                            3.9-8.el8                                      @anaconda 
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                2.9-9.el8                                      @anaconda 
python3-psycopg2.x86_64                       2.7.5-7.el8                                    @AppStream
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                      18.0.0-1.el8                                   @AppStream
python3-pycparser.noarch                      2.14-14.el8                                    @anaconda 
python3-pysocks.noarch                        1.6.8-3.el8                                    @anaconda 
python3-pyudev.noarch                         0.21.0-7.el8                                   @anaconda 
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                         3.12-12.el8                                    @anaconda 
python3-requests.noarch                       2.20.0-2.1.el8_1                               @anaconda 
python3-rhn-client-tools.x86_64               2.8.16-13.module_el8.1.0+211+ad6c0bc7          @AppStream
python3-rhnlib.noarch                         2.8.6-8.module_el8.1.0+211+ad6c0bc7            @AppStream
python3-rpm.x86_64                            4.14.2-37.el8                                  @anaconda 
python3-rpm-macros.noarch                     3-38.el8                                       @AppStream
python3-rtslib.noarch                         2.1.71-4.el8                                   @anaconda 
python3-schedutils.x86_64                     0.6-6.el8                                      @anaconda 
python3-setools.x86_64                        4.2.2-2.el8                                    @anaconda 
python3-setuptools.noarch                     39.2.0-5.el8                                   @anaconda 
python3-setuptools-wheel.noarch               39.2.0-5.el8                                   @anaconda 
python3-six.noarch                            1.11.0-8.el8                                   @anaconda 
python3-slip.noarch                           0.6.4-11.el8                                   @anaconda 
python3-slip-dbus.noarch                      0.6.4-11.el8                                   @anaconda 
python3-sssdconfig.noarch                     2.2.3-20.el8                                   @anaconda 
python3-subscription-manager-rhsm.x86_64      1.26.20-1.el8_2                                @BaseOS   
python3-syspurpose.x86_64                     1.26.20-1.el8_2                                @BaseOS   
python3-systemd.x86_64                        234-8.el8                                      @AppStream
python3-unbound.x86_64                        1.7.3-11.el8_2                                 @AppStream
python3-urllib3.noarch                        1.24.2-4.el8                                   @anaconda 
python3-webencodings.noarch                   0.5.1-6.el8                                    @AppStream
python36.x86_64                               3.6.8-2.module_el8.1.0+245+c39af44f            @AppStream
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                             5.12.5-4.el8                                   @AppStream
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                      5.12.5-4.el8                                   @AppStream
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                         5.12.5-4.el8                                   @AppStream
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                              5.12.5-1.el8                                   @AppStream
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                        5.12.5-3.el8                                   @AppStream
quota.x86_64                                  1:4.04-10.el8                                  @anaconda 
quota-nls.noarch                              1:4.04-10.el8                                  @anaconda 
rasdaemon.x86_64                              0.6.1-3.el8                                    @anaconda 
rdma-core.x86_64                              26.0-8.el8                                     @anaconda 
readline.x86_64                               7.0-10.el8                                     @anaconda 
realmd.x86_64                                 0.16.3-18.el8                                  @anaconda 
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                      122-1.el8                                      @AppStream
rest.x86_64                                   0.8.1-2.el8                                    @AppStream
rhn-client-tools.x86_64                       2.8.16-13.module_el8.1.0+211+ad6c0bc7          @AppStream
rng-tools.x86_64                              6.8-3.el8                                      @anaconda 
rootfiles.noarch                              8.1-22.el8                                     @anaconda 
rpm.x86_64                                    4.14.2-37.el8                                  @anaconda 
rpm-build.x86_64                              4.14.2-37.el8                                  @AppStream
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                         4.14.2-37.el8                                  @anaconda 
rpm-libs.x86_64                               4.14.2-37.el8                                  @anaconda 
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                     4.14.2-37.el8                                  @anaconda 
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64             4.14.2-37.el8                                  @anaconda 
rpm-sign.x86_64                               4.14.2-37.el8                                  @anaconda 
rrdtool.x86_64                                1.7.0-16.el8                                   @AppStream
rrdtool-perl.x86_64                           1.7.0-16.el8                                   @AppStream
rsync.x86_64                                  3.1.3-7.el8                                    @anaconda 
rsyslog.x86_64                                8.1911.0-3.el8                                 @AppStream
rsyslog-gnutls.x86_64                         8.1911.0-3.el8                                 @AppStream
rsyslog-gssapi.x86_64                         8.1911.0-3.el8                                 @AppStream
rsyslog-relp.x86_64                           8.1911.0-3.el8                                 @AppStream
runc.x86_64                                   1.0.0-65.rc10.module_el8.2.0+305+5e198a41      @AppStream
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                       5-2.el8                                        @AppStream
samba-client.x86_64                           4.11.2-13.el8                                  @anaconda 
samba-client-libs.x86_64                      4.11.2-13.el8                                  @anaconda 
samba-common.noarch                           4.11.2-13.el8                                  @anaconda 
samba-common-libs.x86_64                      4.11.2-13.el8                                  @anaconda 
satyr.x86_64                                  0.26-2.el8                                     @AppStream
sed.x86_64                                    4.5-1.el8                                      @anaconda 
selinux-policy.noarch                         3.14.3-41.el8_2.8                              @BaseOS   
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                3.14.3-41.el8_2.8                              @BaseOS   
setroubleshoot-plugins.noarch                 3.3.11-2.el8                                   @AppStream
setroubleshoot-server.x86_64                  3.3.22-2.el8                                   @AppStream
setserial.x86_64                              2.17-45.el8                                    @anaconda 
setup.noarch                                  2.12.2-5.el8                                   @anaconda 
sg3_utils.x86_64                              1.44-5.el8                                     @anaconda 
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                         1.44-5.el8                                     @anaconda 
sgml-common.noarch                            0.6.3-50.el8                                   @anaconda 
shadow-utils.x86_64                           2:4.6-8.el8                                    @anaconda 
shared-mime-info.x86_64                       1.9-3.el8                                      @anaconda 
shim-x64.x86_64                               15-15.el8_2                                    @BaseOS   
slang.x86_64                                  2.3.2-3.el8                                    @anaconda 
slirp4netns.x86_64                            0.4.2-3.git21fdece.module_el8.2.0+305+5e198a41 @AppStream
smartmontools.x86_64                          1:6.6-3.el8                                    @anaconda 
snappy.x86_64                                 1.1.7-5.el8                                    @anaconda 
sos.noarch                                    3.8-7.el8_2                                    @BaseOS   
source-highlight.x86_64                       3.1.8-16.el8                                   @AppStream
sqlite.x86_64                                 3.26.0-6.el8                                   @anaconda 
sqlite-libs.x86_64                            3.26.0-6.el8                                   @anaconda 
squashfs-tools.x86_64                         4.3-19.el8                                     @anaconda 
sscg.x86_64                                   2.3.3-14.el8                                   @AppStream
sssd.x86_64                                   2.2.3-20.el8                                   @anaconda 
sssd-ad.x86_64                                2.2.3-20.el8                                   @anaconda 
sssd-client.x86_64                            2.2.3-20.el8                                   @anaconda 
sssd-common.x86_64                            2.2.3-20.el8                                   @anaconda 
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                        2.2.3-20.el8                                   @anaconda 
sssd-ipa.x86_64                               2.2.3-20.el8                                   @anaconda 
sssd-kcm.x86_64                               2.2.3-20.el8                                   @anaconda 
sssd-krb5.x86_64                              2.2.3-20.el8                                   @anaconda 
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                       2.2.3-20.el8                                   @anaconda 
sssd-ldap.x86_64                              2.2.3-20.el8                                   @anaconda 
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                         2.2.3-20.el8                                   @anaconda 
sssd-proxy.x86_64                             2.2.3-20.el8                                   @anaconda 
strace.x86_64                                 4.24-9.el8                                     @anaconda 
subscription-manager.x86_64                   1.26.20-1.el8_2                                @BaseOS   
subscription-manager-rhsm-certificates.x86_64 1.26.20-1.el8_2                                @BaseOS   
sudo.x86_64                                   1.8.29-5.el8                                   @anaconda 
symlinks.x86_64                               1.4-19.el8                                     @anaconda 
sysstat.x86_64                                11.7.3-2.el8                                   @AppStream
systemd.x86_64                                239-31.el8_2.2                                 @BaseOS   
systemd-libs.x86_64                           239-31.el8_2.2                                 @BaseOS   
systemd-pam.x86_64                            239-31.el8_2.2                                 @BaseOS   
systemd-udev.x86_64                           239-31.el8_2.2                                 @BaseOS   
systemtap.x86_64                              4.2-6.el8                                      @AppStream
systemtap-client.x86_64                       4.2-6.el8                                      @AppStream
systemtap-devel.x86_64                        4.2-6.el8                                      @AppStream
systemtap-runtime.x86_64                      4.2-6.el8                                      @AppStream
tar.x86_64                                    2:1.30-4.el8                                   @anaconda 
tbb.x86_64                                    2018.2-9.el8                                   @AppStream
tcpdump.x86_64                                14:4.9.2-6.el8                                 @AppStream
teamd.x86_64                                  1.29-1.el8_2.2                                 @BaseOS   
theora-tools.x86_64                           1:1.1.1-21.el8                                 @AppStream
tigervnc.x86_64                               1.9.0-15.el8_1                                 @AppStream
tigervnc-icons.noarch                         1.9.0-15.el8_1                                 @AppStream
tigervnc-license.noarch                       1.9.0-15.el8_1                                 @AppStream
time.x86_64                                   1.9-3.el8                                      @anaconda 
timedatex.x86_64                              0.5-3.el8                                      @anaconda 
tmux.x86_64                                   2.7-1.el8                                      @anaconda 
tpm2-tools.x86_64                             3.2.1-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
tpm2-tss.x86_64                               2.0.0-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
trace-cmd.x86_64                              2.7-8.el8                                      @anaconda 
tree.x86_64                                   1.7.0-15.el8                                   @anaconda 
trousers.x86_64                               0.3.14-4.el8                                   @anaconda 
trousers-lib.x86_64                           0.3.14-4.el8                                   @anaconda 
tuned.noarch                                  2.13.0-6.el8                                   @anaconda 
tzdata.noarch                                 2020d-1.el8                                    @BaseOS   
tzdata-java.noarch                            2020d-1.el8                                    @AppStream
udisks2.x86_64                                2.8.3-2.el8                                    @AppStream
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                          2.8.3-2.el8                                    @AppStream
udisks2-lvm2.x86_64                           2.8.3-2.el8                                    @AppStream
unbound-libs.x86_64                           1.7.3-11.el8_2                                 @AppStream
unzip.x86_64                                  6.0-43.el8                                     @anaconda 
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch               20170801-10.el8                                @AppStream
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                  20170801-10.el8                                @AppStream
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch              20170801-10.el8                                @AppStream
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                       20170801-10.el8                                @AppStream
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                20170801-10.el8                                @AppStream
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                20170801-10.el8                                @AppStream
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch        20170801-10.el8                                @AppStream
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch          20170801-10.el8                                @AppStream
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch           20170801-10.el8                                @AppStream
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                  20170801-10.el8                                @AppStream
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch   20170801-10.el8                                @AppStream
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                  20170801-10.el8                                @AppStream
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                         2.5.2-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                    20191128-1.el8                                 @anaconda 
usbutils.x86_64                               010-3.el8                                      @anaconda 
usermode.x86_64                               1.113-1.el8                                    @anaconda 
userspace-rcu.x86_64                          0.10.1-2.el8                                   @anaconda 
util-linux.x86_64                             2.32.1-22.el8                                  @anaconda 
util-linux-user.x86_64                        2.32.1-22.el8                                  @anaconda 
valgrind.x86_64                               1:3.15.0-11.el8                                @AppStream
valgrind-devel.x86_64                         1:3.15.0-11.el8                                @AppStream
vdo.x86_64                                    6.2.2.117-13.el8                               @anaconda 
vim-common.x86_64                             2:8.0.1763-13.el8                              @AppStream
vim-enhanced.x86_64                           2:8.0.1763-13.el8                              @AppStream
vim-filesystem.noarch                         2:8.0.1763-13.el8                              @AppStream
vim-minimal.x86_64                            2:8.0.1763-13.el8                              @anaconda 
virt-what.x86_64                              1.18-6.el8                                     @anaconda 
volume_key-libs.x86_64                        0.3.11-5.el8                                   @AppStream
wget.x86_64                                   1.19.5-8.el8_1.1                               @AppStream
which.x86_64                                  2.21-12.el8                                    @anaconda 
words.noarch                                  3.0-28.el8                                     @anaconda 
xcb-util.x86_64                               0.4.0-10.el8                                   @AppStream
xcb-util-image.x86_64                         0.4.0-9.el8                                    @AppStream
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                       0.4.0-7.el8                                    @AppStream
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                    0.3.9-10.el8                                   @AppStream
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                            0.4.1-12.el8                                   @AppStream
xdelta.x86_64                                 3.1.0-4.el8                                    @anaconda 
xdg-utils.noarch                              1.1.2-5.el8                                    @AppStream
xfsdump.x86_64                                3.1.8-2.el8                                    @anaconda 
xfsprogs.x86_64                               5.0.0-2.el8                                    @anaconda 
xkeyboard-config.noarch                       2.28-1.el8                                     @AppStream
xml-common.noarch                             0.6.3-50.el8                                   @anaconda 
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                               1.51.0-5.el8                                   @anaconda 
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                        1.51.0-5.el8                                   @anaconda 
xmlsec1.x86_64                                1.2.25-4.el8                                   @AppStream
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                        1.2.25-4.el8                                   @AppStream
xorg-x11-font-utils.x86_64                    1:7.5-40.el8                                   @AppStream
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch        7.5-19.el8                                     @AppStream
xorg-x11-server-utils.x86_64                  7.7-27.el8                                     @AppStream
xz.x86_64                                     5.2.4-3.el8                                    @anaconda 
xz-libs.x86_64                                5.2.4-3.el8                                    @anaconda 
yajl.x86_64                                   2.1.0-10.el8                                   @AppStream
yum.noarch                                    4.2.17-7.el8_2                                 @BaseOS   
zip.x86_64                                    3.0-23.el8                                     @anaconda 
zlib.x86_64                                   1.2.11-16.el8_2                                @BaseOS   
zsh.x86_64                                    5.5.1-6.el8_1.2                                @anaconda 
zstd.x86_64                                   1.4.2-2.el8                                    @AppStream
